Like all of you, I just want more FPS in
every video game. It's really easy to
think that you're going to be stuck with
low FPS until you shell out hundreds of
dollars. But today, I'm going to unlock
the full performance of my $800 laptop
to double my FPS. And to do just that,
we'll be using a free app called Home.
They provide the tools to achieve
ultimate gameplay and boost FPS by
rescuing computers from bloated
software. With this tool, I no longer
have to find a job. And according to
them, I'll be able to increase my FPS by
107%.
So, this is how it went. After
downloading and opening the software, it
includes optimizations that usually
require multiple different apps like
timer resolution and mouse
optimizations, but it puts it all in a
single app where all you need to do is
click switches. And by using their app,
I got tons of viruses, which is exactly
why I'm sick right now. But yeah, people
often assume software like this contains
viruses, but they have a massive Discord
community with 46,000 members, and pros
like Mr. Savage and Veno use this app,
too. So, I'd be very surprised if they
put malware in their app. But Veno's
been acting like the Fortnite diddy
recently, so I don't really know if I
can mention him right now.
You like Jake.
I love little girls.
Veno. Veno.
For a laptop user like me, this app was
genuinely game-changing. Since laptops
struggle a lot because they physically
cannot draw as much power as a fully
powered laptop, not only did it increase
my FPS, but improved my ping in
Fortnite, my FPS in AAA games, and my
entire experience on my computer in
general. So, I filtered through the
optimization section, and it groups
optimizations into system, graphic,
internet, interface, features, and
privacy settings. And because I'm not a
PC nerd, and I'm just here to see if I
can get any better FPS in my silly video
games, I checked 10 random optimizations
that I thought would improve my
performance the most. General Windows
optimizations. Disable game bar. Disable
Cortana. Optimize Nvidia control panel.
General Nvidia optimizations. Disable
Xbox. Home gaming mode. Gaming
optimizations. Timer resolution and MSI
mode. And yes, I've done a few of these
optimizations on the channel, but hone
allows you to toggle every optimization
on and off for completely free. It's
super useful, and it makes it very easy
to test which optimizations work and
don't work on your specific computer.
And with the 10 free optimizations you
get with the free plan, you also have
access to their boost up features. So, I
applied those as well. You also have
access to BIOS optimizations, which I
unfortunately can't do because my
laptop's motherboard doesn't support it.
And they also have pro game settings as
well. So, if you want to copy your
favorite pro, you can do that in one
click. And of course, after doing this,
I restarted my computer and I tested out
the FPS. In order to test out the actual
in-game impact, I compared my laptop's
performance before and after by using
Fortnite's replay feature. You can see
that after just 10 optimizations with
their free plan, my GPU is being more
utilized and my FPS is consistently 32
FPS than usual. With their free plan,
we're not getting the 37% performance
boost we're expecting, but 15.7% is not
a joke, especially since I only did 10
optimizations. For context, a 4080
outperforms a 4070 Ti by only 9% while
costing $200 more. So, a 15% difference
for absolutely zero cost is very
notable. So, in my opinion, I think the
free plan is definitely worth it.
Editing Electron here. I have no idea
what I was cooking, bro. What was I
doing with the script? It is literally
free. How can it not be worth it, bro?
$0 is a great price, but they also have
a paid option, which is a subscription
service. And a subscription service to
optimize your computer is kind of a
crazy concept to me. I don't see why
anyone would pay money every single
month just to get a little bit more FPS.
But, who knows? Let's see if the premium
plan actually has a big enough impact
for me to justify spending money on this
app. So, it costs $5.99 every month. So,
if you pay $5.99,
you get to do upwards of 100
optimizations. So, of course, because
Hone blessed me with their premium plan,
I enabled the rest of the basic
optimizations and enabled all of the
premium optimizations that I was unable
to access with a free plan. So, after
applying all of those additional
optimizations, we managed to pull an
average FPS of 230, which is 42 FPS
higher than the 188 that we were getting
before I downloaded home. So, this is
now a solid 20.9% increase in FPS.
That's pretty cool, but that's not
exactly the 37% that they promised. So,
let's see if the last few optimizations
they have in store will get us to 37%.
Earlier, I was putting on every single
optimization because I didn't care about
what they did. I just wanted more FPS.
But these are advanced optimizations. So
make sure that you understand what each
optimization does before you actually
put them onto your PC. Just don't
disable Windows Defender. That would be
pretty stupid. And yeah, I don't think
the advanced optimizations did much at
all because we gain literally one extra
FPS. But wait just one second. We
actually got some really good and
surprising news. We managed to jump from
340 to 460 FPS while looking at the sky
in creative, which is exactly a 30%
difference. So, if you do like playing a
lot of creative 1v ones, then you will
definitely notice much more consistent
FPS and it will be a much better
experience while using Hone. I know a
lot of you don't just play Fortnite and
enjoy other games as well. Except for
the couple of you 13-year-olds that are
trying to go pro in Fortnite. Y'all need
to go do something else. But in GPU
intensive AAA games, I'm actually
getting good results. We went from 99 to
103 FPS in Shadow of the Tomb Raider,
which is a 3 to 4% difference. 3 to 4%
is actually a lot because let's say we
optimized your height. You would
literally go from 5 foot zero to 5' 3.
That is a huge difference, bro. 3 in
dog. And I know that a lot of you might
be skeptical if this is a virus or not.
And because this video is sponsored, you
can't really take my word for it. But
let's take a quick look at Hone's
history. A lot of people have been
asking me to review this software for
the longest time, wondering if it's a
crypto miner. I cannot believe this
actual goofron just said that Hone was a
proven Bitcoin miner. Proven by who?
Your mom, bro. Hone Control or Hone.gg
GG is apparently a virus. You can see
that there's only one flag and just by
all the details, it looks like it's a
false flag. You'll see in the comments
that there's just more people. Yeah,
Deep Instinct is known to false flag.
They have been contacted to resolve this
issue. And yeah, it does give a
performance boost and it is a false
virus, but it's definitely not the
smartest thing to believe everything you
see on the internet. So, I asked an
actual PC tweaker what he thinks about
Hone, and it turns out that he's
actually an ex-hone worker. And
basically, he said it's not a virus or a
scam, but it's just not something that
he wanted to work for. So, that's pretty
fair. But after a week of using Hone,
I've never seen anything suspicious in
my task manager. And also, my antivirus
hasn't detected anything. So, it's
definitely not a Bitcoin miner. Click
the link in the description to download
Hone. But if you do want to optimize
your PC without having to download
anything, then check out this video
right here.